.TH SDC 1 "21st of February, 2012" "version 0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
sdc \- the stupid D compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
sdc [options] files
.SH DESCRIPTION
SDC compiles programs written in the D programming language.
.br
SDC returns 0 on success and 1 on error.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Print command information to stdout and exit with a value of 0.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print the version number to stdout and exit with a value of 0.
.IP -O
Optimise generated code using opt(1).
.IP -I\fIpath\fR
Add
.I path
to the list of directories where
.I import
looks for modules.
.IP -c
Compile code only, don't attempt to link.
.IP -o=\fIfilename\fR
Name of output. Invalid with use of -c.
.IP -V
Compile with verbose logging output. 
Not useful unless you're trying to track down a compiler bug.
.IP --version-identifier=\fIident\fR
Set the version identifier 
.I ident
as active.
.IP --debug-identifier=\fIident\fR
Set the debug identifier
.I ident
as active.
.IP --debug
Compile the code in debug mode.
.IP --release
Compile the code in release mode. Bounds checks are disabled in unsafe code.
.IP --unittest
Compile in unittest blocks to run before the main function runs.
.IP --no-colour-print
Print diagnostics in black and white.
.IP --gcc=\fIexecutable\fR
Set
.I executable
as the command used when gcc(1) is invoked for compiling 
assembly code and linking object files.
.IP --arch=\fIident\fR
Pass
.I ident
as the architecture string to pass to llc(1) when 
compiling IR to native assembly.
.IP --pic
Generate position independent code, suitable for shared libraries.
.IP --nw
Disable the display of all warnings.
.IP --we
Treat all warnings as errors.
.IP --disable-warning=\fIID\fR
Disable warning number
.I ID
from displaying.
.IP --warning-as-error=\fIID\fR
Treat a warning with an ID of
.I ID
as an error.
.IP --run
Interpret the code using SDC's CTFE engine, don't compile it.
.IP -m32
Shorthand for --arch=x86.
.IP -m64
Shorthand for --arch=x86-64.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP TEMP
On windows, this is the directory temporary objects are stored in. 
On *nix, this is ignored and /tmp is used.
.SH BUGS
Numerous. SDC is entirely uncomplete.
.SH AUTHOR
Bernard Helyer and Jakob Øvrum.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR gcc (1),
.BR llc (1),
.BR opt (1)

